Hi my name is Sebastian,
and along with a talented group of people here at Udacity and from our industry partners,
I shall be your friendly instructor for this Nanodegree program.
Now we put this together to make the basics of self-driving cars very accessible.
You'll be given a chance to learn about data structures and basic math,
different programming languages, planning, perception control,
base rule, and stuff like this firsthand and write
computer code that effectively implement a very basic version of a self-driving car.
When you're done, you can consider yourself very
knowledgeable of self-driving cars because you've learned all the basics.
There's a advanced version available at Udacity that I'll talk about later,
that goes into more depth.
But consider yourself one of the very first pioneers learning about self-driving cars.
So, let's meet the team.